Missing an "a" (#829)
AlexsLemonade/training-modules: scRNA-seq-advanced/02-dataset_integration.Rmd

However, unlike `fastMNN`, `harmony` does not "back-calculate" corrected expression from the corrected PCA matrix and it only returns the corrected PCA matrix itself.
For input, `harmony` needs a couple pieces of information:

- First, `harmony` takes a batch-weighted PCA matrix to perform integration.

> We already calculated a batch-weighted PCA matrix (our `merged_PCA` reduced dimension), we'll provide this variable.

Reviewer: You don't provide a variable, and here especially not, as you are using a function call to get the reduced dimension matrix as input.
```suggestion
We already calculated a batch-weighted PCA matrix (our `merged_PCA` reduced dimension), we'll provide this as the the input.
```
